interactions with foods


because grapefruit interacts with another bunch eof other stuff. and some things neutralize the effects of the drugs.


allergies,

DOSAGE, prescription instructions.

In warning Maximum dosafe is critical.


Really specific instructions: DO not take witha alcohol.

profile data, a place to put their physicians information. Pharmacy information.

Geographic area of pharmacies because with this type of medication people need it right away.

Counselor meetings, a tab for other resources and other resources could be psychiatrist, medical, the types of people who prescribe that. Primary care physicians.


If people had a way to know the specific rules about the drugs in particular with their state. It would be nice as a patient to have access to all the rules.

Garbage in and garbage out.


A couple of disclaimers in this app.

when it comes to health I always have to have the disclaimer that reads something like:

The source listed here, and the content of this application is not intended to replace medical health providers. Take the verbabe right out of all medical websites because people can sue me.

I also need a secondary disclaimers:
INformation supply on the site sometimes depends on sources which may not be accurate or up to date. Please make health care decisions. Use a miniature terms of use. By using this site you agree to our terms of service.

Credit other source if I am using them.

Put educational materials and how to really come clean. Have nice links to the major associations that are over this type fo things such as the America Psychiatrists Association.



24/7 Hour Pharmacy would be a real plus.


The need to know what the doctors knows. What does the patient really needs to understand. Also the caregiver of someone needs to know that.

Caregiver support if it is relevant. Family / Caregiver resources.

People like timers where they could have a reminder of when to refill their prescription and timer on when they can take the next safe amount of dosage.


Access, Quality Cost, Consumer Reports.



/* */		